Documentation for latest logout changes (#1624)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: server_admin/topics/clients/oidc/con-basic-settings.adoc

+
Exclusive redirect URL patterns are typically more secure.  See xref:unspecific-redirect-uris_{context}[Unspecific Redirect URIs] for more information.

> *Valid post logout redirect URIs*:: Similar like `Valid Redirect URIs`, but those are valid redirect URIs to be used for the redirect to this client after logout. Use value `+` to use same set of URIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Valid post logout redirect URIs*:: This setting is similar to `Valid Redirect URIs`, but these URIs  are valid redirect URIs to be used for the redirect to this client after logout. Use the value `+` to use same set of URIs
```
